# Character Creation Backstory
You were once a proud citizen of The Blessed Realm. Never thinking your King's power would ever wane, but eventually a shadow grew in your heart. You started to doubt the divine right that you thought the Blessed Realm had, but did your best to ignore that feeling. Then one day a man by the name of Jared, came into your town. he was a preist from the capital of Lumopolis and he spoke of a impending doom. He spoke about how we needed to leave The Blessed Realm and travel north or we would be caught up in the destruction. Whether his words spoke to this unsettled feeling you already had about The King's intentions, or that you got caught up in his passionate speach, you decided to leave your life in the Blessed Realm and travel north to build a community away from the devistation. Jared, lead the community north. As you were leaving The Blessed Realm, The Flaming Retrobution occurred. Fire and flaming rocks falling from the sky, Earth Quakes shattering Viliages and Cities, and Boiling Guysers errupting everywhere. It appeared that the very land of Aetheria was rejecting The Blessed Realm. The very Lanscape itself, changed in what seemed to be overnight.

A year later, the community settled in a newly created River Fork on the planes. They have worked diligently to build the community over the past year and deal with the dangers that this new world brought. They have finally settled into a less volitile pace, and are now wondering what happened to the rest of the world.